h2. Cookbooks

h3. main

For Engine Yard cloud, this is the cookbook that activates all other cookbooks, like the master switchboard.  The default.rb recipe in the main cookbook is like the main method in 

This file currently has its contents commented out, so effectively, no custom set up is in place.

h3. climateculture_config

The location of the bulk of the custom work done so far on Efficiency's 2.0 cloud setup.

Its current responsibilities include the following:

* Stopping all monit tasks
* Including memcached, thinking_sphinx, and delayed_job cookbooks
* Symlinking facebooker.yml
* Symlinking user_photos
* Symlinking attachments
* Copies api.rb and staging.rb into appropriate places.
* Installs gems using a custom rake task
* generating thinking-sphinx configuration and performing index
* ensuring thinking_sphinx can log appropriately
* reloading and restarting monit

h4. Notes

Recipe written to definitely apply to only a single application.  Will probably need multiples over time.

Copying staging.rb in particular would be more appropriate if it only happened in the staging environment.

The thinking_sphinx configuration should be done in its own recipes.

Building an index on every deploy may not be wanted-- it can become expensive, and might overlap with something in a crontab, possibly.

h3. thinking_sphinx

Only takes on one responsibility: creating a directory that looks like it'll hold PID files.  It also attempts to discriminate to only select for a particular application name.

h4. Notes

This cookbook will need probably two dozen responsibilities added to it before I'd be satisfied.

Sphinx and its plugins are notorious for being much easier to develop and use than it is to support in production, and we need to get there.  Sphinx will not come out of the box on EY for the indeterminate future, and so to prepare for the worst case scenario, these cookbooks will need significant work.

h3.  memcached_gem

This cookbook installs the memcached gem and symlinks the configuration into place.

h4. Notes

It would be better if the recipe were more explicit about the particular gem, and I'd be even happier if that piece of the responsibility could be moved inside the application itself.

This cookbook should be about supplementing EY's memcached cookbook (which they will actually support) by ensuring that the application has the ability to write a proper configuration before symlinking it.

h2. Miscellany

I've removed a libmemcached cookbook that was meant to provide a 'memcat' command.  I can train any interested staff on the use of busybox telnet in conjunction with memcached to provide the same results.  There's no need to build in a dependency on source for this diagnostic.